to whom did the virgin mary allegedly appear in 1858 in lourdes france ?
what is in front of the notre dame main building ?
the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame is beside to which structure ?
what is the grotto at notre dame ?
what sits on top of the main building at notre dame ?
when did the scholastic magazine of notre dame begin publishing ?
how often is notre dame 's the juggler published ?
what is the daily student paper at notre dame called ?
how many student news papers are found at notre dame ?
in what year did the student paper common sense begin publication at notre dame ?
what kind of image was broadcasted by the bbc by the mid-'50s ?
on what frequency band was the bbc broadcasting in thie 1950s ?
what was the name of the bbc changed to in 1960 ?
what was the bbc 's main competitor ?
what program debuted on november 23 , 1963 ?
where did the bbc broadcast from following world war ii ?
what was the first station launched after the original bbc ?
what was the third network started in the uk ?
what prevented bbc2 from broadcasting on its scheduled launch date ?
where was the cause of the power outage ?
who served as mc for the first bbc2 broadcast ?
what was the first station to show programs in color ?
when did the other two major british stations start color programming ?
what types of programs were not shown on bbc two ?
who was the first controller of bbc2 ?
what kinds of programs did attenborough favor ?
when was the first broadcast of tom and jerry on bbc one ?
when was the final broadcast of tom and jerry ?
how many episodes of tom and jerry were shown in the evenings ?
on what channel was tom and jerry sometimes shown in the mornings ?
which group did david attenborough join while on sabbatical ?
when did the bbc natural history unit come into existence ?
what are some shows that attenborough created with the bbc natural history unit ?
how many different areas does bbc one accommodate with customized broadcasting ?
which parts of the uk have more control over their bbc broadcasts ?
who hosts shows on bbc broadcasts outside of england ?
what kind of coverage might take precedence over standard bbc programming ?
what is the name of a political show shown on bbc in northern ireland ?
what is the name of a scottish soap opera ?
what is a well-known gaelic program ?
what is the name of a show from northern ireland broadcast all over the united kingdom ?
how much of its programming must the bbc obtain from other content producers ?
what is a popular american show that was shown on the bbc ?
what is a television show from australia that was shown on the bbc ?
what kind of service was ceefax ?
when was ceefax launched ?
what is the modern replacement for ceefax ?
when did the bbc say it would start using a satellite to transit its signal ?
what was the name of the satellite from which the bbc 's signal was sent ?
due to delays , when was the actual date of the bbc 's move to satellite broadcasts ?
how much money was the move to satellite worth to the station over the following half decade ?
with the right tools , what area could get free bbc broadcasts from astra 2d ?
what are some entities that have taken issue with the possibility that bbc programming was being viewed for free ?
on what service were some shows removed as a result of issues over rights ?
what are two specific broadcasts suspended on sky digital ?
when was the 50th anniversary of bbc news broadcasts ?
on what form of media was a retrospective of the bbc 's news broadcasts released to commemorate its 50th anniversary ?
in what format were the bbc 's first new bulletins shown ?
what reality series was awarded a bafta in 2005 ?
who was the leader of bbc television in 2006 ?
what did bbc television get absorbed into ?
what caused the move of bbc television into the bbc vision unit ?
when did the bbc start exploring the use of internet streaming ?
when was full coverage of the bbc 's standard programming launched in online stream format ?
as of early 2016 , what bbc show has been sold outside of the country the most times ?
how many sales of keeping up appearances have been made to non-british buyers ?
who announced the status of keeping up appearances as the most exported bbc show ?
how often are people required to remit the tv license fee ?
how do the bbc 's non-domestic channels generate revenue ?
when did bbc vision change back to bbc television ?
who is the current head of bbc television ?
what are the four responsibilities of bbc television ?
when did bbc japan begin broadcasting ?
when did bbc japan shut down ?
what was the genre of bbc japan ?
what 's arnold schwarzenegger 's birth date ?
what 's arnold schwarzenegger 's middle name ?
how many terms did schwarzenegger serve as california 's governor ?
how old was schwarzenegger when he started bodybuilding ?
how many times was schwarzenegger awarded the mr. olympia title ?
for which film from 1982 did schwarzenegger first gain fame ?
how old was schwarzenegger when he won mr. universe ?
what nickname did schwarzenegger 's co-stars call him by during his acting career ?
what year marked the end of schwarzenegger 's second term in the governor 's office ?
what political party did schwarzenegger belong to ?
what governor did schwarzenegger replace ?
what date marked the start of schwarzenegger 's second gubernatorial term ?
what country was schwarzenegger born in ?
what was schwarzenegger 's mother 's maiden name ?
what was schwarzenegger 's father 's first name ?
what was schwarzenegger 's dad 's job in their town ?
what was schwarzenegger 's older brother 's name ?
what appliance did schwarzenegger 's family buy that he called a highlight of his youth ?
what sport schwarzenegger played led to a trip to the gym that sparked his love of weightlifting ?
who starred in the first movie schwarzenegger remembers seeing ?
what job did schwarzenegger 's father want him to pursue ?
which of schwarzenegger 's bodybuilding idols died in 2000 ?
what year did schwarzenegger 's brother die ?
what is meinhard 's son named ?
what caused schwarzenegger 's father gustav 's death ?
